Add the Getting Started with TagBox tutorial (#2336)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/TagBox/00 Getting Started with TagBox/60 Configure Multiple Tags Selection.md

> Use the following properties to adapt the TagBox text field to multiple selected tags:        

Reviewer: What do you mean by "adapt"?

Author: Adapt here means 'to specify what to do when users select multiple tags and how the component should behave)

- [multiline](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTagBox/Configuration/#multiline)     

> Specifies whether to display tags on multiple lines when the tags overflow the component's width.

Reviewer: Alright. This is a part of a getting started topic, am I right? If yes, you should write in imperative mood. What a user has to do to "adapt" the tag box as you say? Set the multiline property to true to allow the tag box to display tags on multiple lines?

Author: Imperative is at the beginning of the list, isn't it enough? We tell users which properties to use and then what these properties do.

Reviewer: OK. Then you need to decide what this section is? Is it a proper set of instructions or an optional overview section in your tutorial?

Author: Sounds reasonable

> Set this property to **true** to display tags on multiple lines when the tags overflow the component's width.

Reviewer 2: overflow? is there a different word you can use or is this how you guys usually describe this?

Author: Hello. Yes, it is a standard term. You can see it on the most authoritative resource for web developers; https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/Overflowing_content

- [maxDisplayedTags](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTagBox/Configuration/#maxDisplayedTags)      

> Specifies the limit after which the TagBox replaces selected tags with a single multi-tag.

Reviewer: Likewise, you need imperative mood, because it's a getting started topic, not some overview.

---
##### jQuery

    <!-- tab: index.js -->
    $(function() {
        $("#tagBox").dxTagBox({
            // ...
            multiline: true,
            maxDisplayedTags: 6,
            showSelectionControls: true
        });
    });

##### Angular

    <!-- tab: app.component.html -->
    <dx-tag-box ...
        [multiline]="true"
        [maxDisplayedTags]="6"
        [showSelectionControls]="true">
    </dx-tag-box>

##### Vue

    <!-- tab: App.vue -->
    <template>
        <DxTagBox ...
            :multiline="true"
            :max-displayed-tags="6"
            :show-selection-controls="true"
        />
    </template>

    <script>
        // ...
    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.js -->
    // ...
    function App() {
        // ...
        return (
            <TagBox ...
                multiline={true}
                maxDisplayedTags={6}
                showSelectionControls={true}
            />
        );   
    }

    export default App;
    
---

> Use the [applyValueMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTagBox/Configuration/#applyValueMode) property to specify whether to apply values instantly or when users click the *"OK"* button. You can also enable the [hideSelectedItems](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTagBox/Configuration/#hideSelectedItems) property if you want already selected items to be removed from the drop-down list. These properties are not demonstrated in this tutorial.

Reviewer: Avoidable passive voice and strange word order.

```suggestion
Use the [applyValueMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTagBox/Configuration/#applyValueMode) property to specify whether to apply values instantly or when users click the *"OK"* button. You can also enable the [hideSelectedItems](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTagBox/Configuration/#hideSelectedItems) property if you want to remove already selected items from the drop-down list. These properties are not demonstrated in this tutorial.
```

Author: ok, I apply this change but I've got a question: why do you call this 'strange word order'?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/33040934/124268161-d5b99a80-db41-11eb-8a05-b33d090c024c.png)

Reviewer: Yes, I called it that way not because English does not allow such things, for it allows many different things. I called this word order "strange" because it sounds like a formal business or, more likely, legal writing style.
Such styles have no place in our documentation because they are not read easily by those who learned English as a second language. We also have to keep in mind that many non English-speaking customers use online translators to understand documentation. This is the main reason why we simplify our texts in terms of tenses, phrases, sentence complexity, etc.

> Use the following properties to adapt the TagBox text field to numerous selected tags:        

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use the following properties to adapt the TagBox text field to multiple selected tags:        
```

- [multiline](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTagBox/Configuration/#multiline)     

> Specifies whether to display tags on multiple line when the tags overflow the component's width.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Specifies whether to display tags on multiple lines when the tags overflow the component's width.
```

- [maxDisplayedTags](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTagBox/Configuration/#maxDisplayedTags)      
Specifies the limit after which the TagBox replaces selected tags with a single multi-tag.

- [showMultiTagOnly](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTagBox/Configuration/#showMultiTagOnly)      

> Specifies whether to display the multi-tag without ordinary tags. This property is not demonstrated in this tutorial. You can see this feature in action in [this demo](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/TagBox/TagCountLimitation/).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Specifies whether to display the multi-tag without ordinary tags. This property is not demonstrated in this tutorial. Refer to the following demo to see it in action: [Tag Count Limitation](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/TagBox/TagCountLimitation/).
```

> You can add the checkboxes to be displayed alongside of the drop-down list values. To enable this feature, set the [showSelectionControls](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTagBox/Configuration/#showSelectionControls) property to **true**. This property also adds the *"Select All"* checkbox to the list.

Reviewer 3: So as not to start two successive paragraphs similarly:

```suggestion
Drop-down list values can display selection checkboxes. To enable this feature, set the [showSelectionControls](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTagBox/Configuration/#showSelectionControls) property to **true**. This property also adds the *"Select All"* checkbox to the list.
```

---
##### jQuery

    <!-- tab: index.js -->
    $(function() {

>         $("#TagBox").dxTagBox({

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        $("#tagBox").dxTagBox({
```

            // ...
            multiline: true,
            maxDisplayedTags: 6,
            showSelectionControls: true
        });
    });

##### Angular

    <!-- tab: app.component.html -->

>     <dx-TagBox ...

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    <dx-tag-box ...
```

        [multiline]="true"
        [maxDisplayedTags]="6"
        [showSelectionControls]="true">

>     </dx-TagBox>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    </dx-tag-box>
```

##### Vue

    <!-- tab: App.vue -->
    <template>
        <DxTagBox ...
            :multiline="true"
            :max-displayed-tags="6"
            :show-selection-controls="true"
        />
    </template>

    <script>
        // ...
    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.js -->
    // ...
    function App() {
        // ...
        return (
            <TagBox ...
                multiline={true}
                maxDisplayedTags={6}
                showSelectionControls={true}
            />
        );   
    }

    export default App;
    
---

> You can also use [applyValueMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTagBox/Configuration/#applyValueMode) to specify whether to apply values instantly or when users click the *"OK"* button. The [hideSelectedItems](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTagBox/Configuration/#hideSelectedItems) property removes the already selected items from the drop-down list. These properties are not demonstrated in this tutorial.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use the [applyValueMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTagBox/Configuration/#applyValueMode) property to specify whether to apply values instantly or when users click the *"OK"* button. You can also enable the [hideSelectedItems](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTagBox/Configuration/#hideSelectedItems) property if you want already selected items to be removed from the drop-down list. These properties are not demonstrated in this tutorial.
```

You have configured basic TagBox features. To take a more detailed look at this UI component, explore the following resources:

* [Demos](https://js.devexpress.com/Demos/WidgetsGallery/Demo/TagBox/Overview)

> * [API Reference](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTagBox/)

Reviewer 3: This part should go in the end of the tutorial.
